Created guide to migrate users to Umbraco Cloud (#4428)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Getting-Started/Migrate-Existing-Site/Migrating-Users-To-Umbraco-Cloud/index.md

This is done by generating a script by using SQL Server Management Studio that we can run on our Umbraco Cloud Database.

### Generate SQL Script

Below is the steps to generate a script with the umbracoUser database tables.

1. Go to SQL Server Management Studio and connect to the database from which you want to migrate the users.
2. Right-click on it and  go to ***tasks > Generate script***
3. Follow the Wizard and When prompted to ***"select the database object to script"*** choose ***“Select specific tables”*** and choose the following tables:

```SQL
dbo.umbracoUser
dbo.umbracoUser2NodeNotify
dbo.umbracoUser2UserGroup
dbo.umbracoUserGroup
dbo.umbracoUserGroup2App
dbo.umbracoUserGroup2NodePermission
dbo.umbracoUserLogin
dbo.umbracoUserStartNode
```

4. Click ***next*** then click ***advanced***
5. Find ***“Type of data to script”*** and choose ***“Data only”***
6. Choose where to save the script and then save it.
7. Connect to your [Umbraco Cloud Database](/Umbraco-Cloud/Databases/Cloud-Database/index.md)
8. Run the script on your Umbraco Cloud Database
9. Restart your Umbraco Cloud environment

### Finishing the Migration

> Once the script has been run on your Umbraco Cloud Database it is now time for the users to login to the Cloud backoffice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the script has been run on your Umbraco Cloud Database, it is time for the users to log in to the Cloud backoffice.
```

> The user will be promted to login, they should use the password from the on-premise installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user will be prompted to log in and they should use the password from the on-premises installation.
```

Once the user logs in they will be asked to enter their email to receive a token and verify their user in Umbraco ID.

Enter the code to verify the user with Umbraco ID.

> Once the user has been verified they will be redirected to the backoffice and their user has been migrated to Umbraco ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the user has been verified, they will be redirected to the backoffice and their user has been migrated to Umbraco ID.
```
